docs: Update read-only contract call section (#717)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: docs/_guide/contracts/read-only-calls.md

# Read-only calls

Sometimes you want to call a contract method that does not change the state of the blockchain. For instance, a method that only _reads_ a value from storage and returns it without making any changes to storage.

In this case, there is no need to create an actual blockchain transaction; you only want to read a value quickly.

You can do this with the SDK. Instead of `.call()`ing the method, use `.get()`:

[@code:typescript](./packages/fuel-gauge/src/contract.test.ts#typedoc:Contract-read-only-call)

> Note that `get()` uses a method called `dryRun()` under the hood, and does not fund the transaction with any coins. If you want to test a read-only call and fund it with coins, use `dryRun()` directly.

Reviewer: What's the use case for funding a read-only call? _(using `dryRun` directly)_

Author: @arboleya I'm not sure to be honest but I just tried to follow [this piece of documentation](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/blob/master/packages/contract/src/contracts/functions/base-invocation-scope.ts#L266).

Author: If it's causing more confusion than adding value, we can remove that line

Reviewer 2: The phrasing is confusing, but the use case for running a `dryRun()` with funds attached is valid.

I'd omit that `get()` uses `dryRun()` underneath entirely. `get()` doesn't need funds because it's a true read-only call. 

`dryRun()` might need fund because, although it won't cause any effect on-chain, it could be a test to a transaction that would. 

```suggestion
`get()` doesn't take funding, as it is a read-only call that doesn't alter the chain state. 

If you want to dry run a transaction call that takes funding without altering the chain state, use `dryRun()`. 
```
